# Iteration 1 Group Retrospective

In iteration 1, we created an initial model of our Android application. This included multiple GUIs allowing users to add and remove shopping lists from our affiliated stores within our stubs. They can add and remove items from their stores from the current fake database we have in place. In the future, we are going to expand this to create a real database that we are pulling from rather than spoofing the data. Secondly, we added a price function that enables the user to view the price of their products, see the totals of their lists and view the prices of the same product that is present at different stores, allowing for price comparison. Lastly, we built a search function that lets you search for any item in the database and get information about it, such as its nutritional facts and price at competing stores.

Our team was proud of the product that we were able to produce as a team. We were able to implement every feature that we listed in our initial plan, however there were user stories that were removed. These user stories were not removed due to the lack of time or planning, but due to the realisation that they would not fit in our implementation. Now that we have decided we are going with a pre-established database, we concluded that we would not allow users to add and delete items from the overall product list. They are still able to do this for individual shopping lists, but the product list will remain the same. Another story we removed was searching for a list. Initially, we had envisioned that the user would be able to add as many stores as they wanted, however, upon further discussions we transitioned to a limited number of stores (hoping to do 10), thus making the search for list function practically useless.

Overall, the product we made turned out great. We did a good job overall of staying on top of things and communicating in Discord. Everything was always done when we needed it to be and this allowed us to stay on track with our feature implementations. There was a lot to build for this initial iteration as we had to create an application from scratch and because of this, we were extremely happy with the resulting product.

On the negative side, we often did not stick to our dev tasks. Although the iteration was executed, we deviated from our plan often and did not do a good job of keeping our initially planned structure. Even though we are using an agile format, we would’ve liked to have a plan that guided us a little better. Going forward we will do a better job of taking the time to make a more detailed plan that will give us a bit more structure for our next iteration. Something that can help this is the time entry feature that we didn’t know was contained within GitLab. On top of having time estimates, you can create a time entry every time you work on something. This will allow us to see everyone’s tracked hours for each task and create a better flow. Thus our overall flow for tasks will be:
* Within features create user stories
* Write out dev tasks for user story
* Every time a dev task is worked on, update the time entries for that task, story and feature.

Using this along with our branching strategy should give us a much better overall organisation.

Continuing on this point, we found that we needed to switch branching strategies very early. We originally started with Git Flow as we thought it would be more organized and keep things very clean. While this may be true, the branches were too difficult to organise as a directory so we switched to a version of GitHub flow which we have seen be called GitLab flow. This flow works the same as GitHub flow making feature branches off of main. The only difference is that at the end of each iteration, we push the changes to a production branch. This production branch holds the latest working iteration of the project, allowing us to always have a live working product. This helped us to clean up our branching strategy, but we would still like for the branching to be cleaner in the future. There were many instances where we had dead branches and things that we had to rebase or clean up when it could have been much simpler. We envision this will be improved over time as this is our first time using Git so heavily.

Lastly, the work distribution in our group wasn’t that close to equal. A couple of group members did a lot more than others and we have to do a better job of recognizing that everyone is busy so we need everyone to step up and try to do more than needed, in this way, we will all be able to contribute fairly and have our project reflect the efforts of our group equally. We agree that some of the blame for this could be placed on our lacklustre planning board via Git, however, we do need to be better at this going forward.